Propose changes that would improve the graph. Explain why those changes would improve the graph. 
1. We want both lines to be displayed at the same time and separately. Because the two lines cover each other badly when displayed at the same time, it will seriously affect readers' reading and understanding. But it is necessary to show both polylines because there is a comparable relationship between the number of newly confirmed and suspected cases.
2. Change the X-axis date display so that the date is displayed vertically, and change the X-axis scale to make the scale distribution less crowded. Skewed dates reduce readability. Due to the large amount of data, it is decided to increase the scale distance of the coordinate axis, which is easy for readers to read.
3. Change the type and size of the tag on the line. The circle marks on the line are too large to cover the line itself. In order not to cover the line, so that readers can see the details of the line carefully, we decided to use white dots instead of circles.
4. Remove unwanted data. At the end of the two lines, the values of the data all tend to 0. We believe that such an excessive amount of data is useless, because the trend of the epidemic situation has been basically reflected by the previous data. Too many data points will cause congestion of the marks and reduce readability.
5. Change the line color to increase contrast.The color of the two lines is similar, the contrast is not obvious and is too light to be easily recognized, which is not friendly to some readers with visual impairme.\
6. Add dynamically interactive annotations to each data point. Consider that the user may need real data for each data point, but there are too many data points and each one will be overwritten by displaying comments. So we decided to use interactive annotation displays.
